# Showcase Plan:
1. Pitch Plot Overlay 
    VCDI vs. not VCDI 
    (VCDI filter makes it much more uniform, less outliers since they are likely mostly instrument approaches)
2. AltAGL Plot Overlay
3. Pitch Timing for VCDI
    Individual and Average Timings
4. 


# TODOs
1. Filtering (Completed with VCDI Filtering for Instrument Approaches)
2. Reverse plot profile, use landing as the 0 point on the axis and then go back a fixed number of seconds (for consistencies sake)
3. Make "cases"
4. Aggregate Measures -- Deviation -- Measure of Stability that isn't dependent on the time
5. A focus on the last 5-6 seconds? -- Looking closer at the flare/landing -- Human vs Model Pitch Transition Behavior?
6. Graph them all on top of each other: -- Do they overlap well? -- Are they all over the place (abstract art) -- Are there significant outliers?
7. variation in time do they take to land -- averaging across them
8. Coarse vs. Fine adjustment phases?
# Data Hurdles
1. Filtering (Completed with VCDI Filtering for Instrument Approaches)
2. Reverse plot profile, use landing as the 0 point on the axis and then go back a fixed number of seconds (for consistencies sake)
3. Could make visualizations similar to wind rose -- scipy.stats.circmean -- Directional statistics




# Environmental Buckets
Figure out what apple you are dealing with 
Make "cases"

Filter down the Data
OR
Capture and sort the additional Cases

Aggregate Measures -- 
Deviation -- Measure of Stability that isn't dependent on the time

Equivalents:
Driving down the lane ==> Landing Final Approach

Lane Changes ==? 
    On Heading -- turn to This heading 
    What is the behavior 
    Find slices like this in the dataset^^^
    Command Start --> Command End

Curved Road ==? (Crosswinds/Crabbing Approaches?)

A focus on the last 5-6 seconds?
Looking closer at the flare/landing
Human vs Model Pitch Transition Behavior?

## Aggregates 
Changes to Aggregates;
Lock Right side to landing point
Lock left to altitude

Graph them all on top of each other:
Do they overlap well?
Are they all over the place (abstract art)
Are there significant outliers?

Visualization that doesn't rescale the x axis;

Test different parameters being 'locked':

variation in time do they take to land
averaging across them

Phases for Analysis:
Cou?rse vs. Fine adjustment phases?

# Data Hurdles
1. Filtering (Completed with VCDI Filtering for Instrument Approaches)
2. Reverse plot profile, use landing as the 0 point on the axis and then go back a fixed number of seconds (for consistencies sake)

## Central Tendencies
Could make visualizations similar to wind rose
scipy.stats.circmean
Directional statistics


## Notes:
Will simulation track with average
Cog models generally don't show as much variability

When do things qualitatively change?
--As soon as wheels touch down, everything changes
--Taxiing?
-- When wheels hit the ground, cut that off there?
-- Putting a dot where they landed


Once they touch down add a dot and drop the taxxing

How many datapoints are getting averaged at any given time
100 is a good sample for the variability -- spagetti vs averages



## Winds
Take all of them, rotate reds to overlap each other
Then would have a "radar scope" of wind distribution
Could run model runs where you sample from that distribution
Randomly Add wind

Might not have behavioral varaibility, but would be interesting to see environmental
Would make environmental perturbation somewhat similar to the human environment

If ran model with perfect headwind 10 times, would would the spagetti plot look like?
Consistent Stop point (Demarcate with like a red dot at the end of the line where it stops -- decide on a stopping point parameter)